Description of headers:

Request:
Accept - request HTTP header advertises which content types, expressed as MIME types, the client is able to understand.
Accept - Encoding - most modern browsers support gzip, and will send this in the header. The web server then can send the HTML output in a compressed format. This can reduce the size by up to 80% to save bandwidth and time.
User-Agent - this header can carry several pieces of information such as browser name and version, Operating System name and version, default language.

Response:
Cache-Control - field is used to specify directives which must be obeyed by all caching mechanisms along the request/response chain." These "caching mechanisms" include gateways and proxies that your ISP may be using.
Connection - general header controls whether or not the network connection stays open after the current transaction finishes. If the value sent is keep-alive, the connection is persistent and not closed, allowing for subsequent requests to the same server to be done.
Content-Encoding - header is usually set when the returned content is compressed.
Content-Language - is used to describe the language(s) intended for the audience, so that it allows a user to differentiate according to the users' own preferred language.
Content-Length - entity header is indicating the size of the entity-body, in bytes, sent to the recipient.
Content-Type - entity header is used to indicate the media type of the resource.
Date - general HTTP header contains the date and time at which the message was originated.
Expires - header contains the date/time after which the response is considered stale.
Pragma - HTTP/1.0 general header is an implementation-specific header that may have various effects along the request-response chain. It is used for backwards compatibility with HTTP/1.0 caches where the Cache-Control HTTP/1.1 header is not yet present.
Set-Cookie - when a website wants to set or update a cookie in your browser, it will use this header.
Path - the "path" is generally the part of the url that comes after the host (domain).
Strict-Transport-Security - response header (often abbreviated as HSTS)  lets a web site tell browsers that it should only be accessed using HTTPS, instead of using HTTP.
Vary - determines how to match future request headers to decide whether a cached response can be used rather than requesting a fresh one from the origin server. It is used by the server to indicate which headers it used when selecting a representation of a resource in a content negotiation algorithm.
Cookie - contains stored HTTP cookies previously sent by the server with the Set-Cookie header.
Accept-Language - request HTTP header advertises which languages the client is able to understand, and which locale variant is preferred.
X-Frame-Options - HTTP response header can be used to indicate whether or not a browser should be allowed to render a page in a <frame>, <iframe> or <object> . 
